[fields] Remove `UseDateFieldComponentProps` and equivalent interfaces (#15053)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-pickers-v7/migration-pickers-v7.md

  },
});
```

## Removed types

> The following types are no longer exported by `@mui/x-date-pickers` and/or `@mui/x-date-pickers` pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following types are no longer exported by `@mui/x-date-pickers` and/or `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro`.
```

> If you were using them, you can replace them with the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using them, you need to replace them with the following code:
```
